README.md, before:

A Drupal Docker image for testing and development
=====

This project was developed in order to allow local development of Drupal modules, particularly [Realistic Dummy Content](https://www.drupal.org/project/realistic_dummy_content).

The idea is to provide a starting point to easily provision a development environment using Docker on a CoreOS Vagrant machine. For a tutorial on how to use Docker and Vagrant, see the first class at [Dcycle U.](http://u.dcycle.com/).

The blog post [Continuous integration with Circle CI and Docker for your Drupal project (Dcycle project, Feb. 20, 2015)](http://dcycleproject.org/blog/92) provides more details on how to set this up.

Branches
-----

The following branches' code always download **the latest stable** version of Drupal. For example, running 7.x-dev-1.x might download 7.23 one day, and 7.24 the next. Branch names use the Drupal branch followed by the type of box (dev for development--the only one for now--, eventually prod and test), followed by the version branch of the Dockerfile:

 * [6.x-dev-1.x](https://github.com/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/6.x-dev-1.x) [![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/6.x-dev-1.x.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/6.x-dev-1.x)
 * [7.x-dev-1.x](https://github.com/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/7.x-dev-1.x) [![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/7.x-dev-1.x.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/7.x-dev-1.x)
 * [7.x-dev-2.x](https://github.com/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/7.x-dev-2.x) (recommended) [![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/7.x-dev-2.x.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/7.x-dev-2.x)
 * [8.0.x-dev-1.x](https://github.com/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/8.0.x-dev-1.x) [![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/8.0.x-dev-1.x.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/8.0.x-dev-1.x)

In this branch, the Drupal version is hard-coded, so that the same version of the Dockerfile always downloads **a fixed version of Drupal**. This is considered by some to be more robust, less prone to breaking:

 * [8.0.x-dev-1.x-fixed](https://github.com/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/8.0.x-dev-1.x-fixed) [![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/8.0.x-dev-1.x-fixed.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/8.0.x-dev-1.x-fixed)

Tags
-----

Tags are named by replacing the `x` in the Dockerfile version with a minor version number, and for fixed Drupal versions, by appending the Drupal version, for example:

 * `8.0.x-dev-1.0` to use the latest stable version of Drupal 8.0.x, whatever it is.
 * `8.0.x-dev-1.0-8.0.0-beta10` to use `8.0.0-beta10`.

The tags are not guaranteed to keep up with the Drupal versions.

Example usage
-----

See the Dockerfiles and scripts in [Realistic Dummy Content](http://drupal.org/project/realistic_dummy_content).

Commit message:

More developer information on README

README.md, after:

A Drupal Docker image for testing and development
=====

This project was developed in order to allow local development of Drupal modules, particularly [Realistic Dummy Content](https://www.drupal.org/project/realistic_dummy_content).

The idea is to provide a starting point to easily provision a development environment using Docker on a CoreOS Vagrant machine. For a tutorial on how to use Docker and Vagrant, see the first class at [Dcycle U.](http://u.dcycle.com/).

The blog post [Continuous integration with Circle CI and Docker for your Drupal project (Dcycle project, Feb. 20, 2015)](http://dcycleproject.org/blog/92) provides more details on how to set this up.

Branches
-----

The following branches' code always download **the latest stable** version of Drupal. For example, running 7.x-dev-1.x might download 7.23 one day, and 7.24 the next. Branch names use the Drupal branch followed by the type of box (dev for development--the only one for now--, eventually prod and test), followed by the version branch of the Dockerfile:

 * [6.x-dev-1.x](https://github.com/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/6.x-dev-1.x) [![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/6.x-dev-1.x.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/6.x-dev-1.x)
 * [7.x-dev-1.x](https://github.com/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/7.x-dev-1.x) [![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/7.x-dev-1.x.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/7.x-dev-1.x)
 * [7.x-dev-2.x](https://github.com/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/7.x-dev-2.x) (recommended) [![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/7.x-dev-2.x.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/7.x-dev-2.x)
 * [8.0.x-dev-1.x](https://github.com/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/8.0.x-dev-1.x) [![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/8.0.x-dev-1.x.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/8.0.x-dev-1.x)

In this branch, the Drupal version is hard-coded, so that the same version of the Dockerfile always downloads **a fixed version of Drupal**. This is considered by some to be more robust, less prone to breaking:

 * [8.0.x-dev-1.x-fixed](https://github.com/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/8.0.x-dev-1.x-fixed) [![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/8.0.x-dev-1.x-fixed.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/alberto56/docker-drupal/tree/8.0.x-dev-1.x-fixed)

Tags
-----

Tags are named by replacing the `x` in the Dockerfile version with a minor version number, and for fixed Drupal versions, by appending the Drupal version, for example:

 * `8.0.x-dev-1.0` to use the latest stable version of Drupal 8.0.x, whatever it is.
 * `8.0.x-dev-1.0-8.0.0-beta10` to use `8.0.0-beta10`.

The tags are not guaranteed to keep up with the Drupal versions. Fork this project or submit a pull request if you want a more recent tag.

Example usage
-----

See the Dockerfiles and scripts in [Realistic Dummy Content](http://drupal.org/project/realistic_dummy_content).

Developers
-----

I try to keep this project in sync with the `alberto56/docker-drupal` Docker repository. This means that if a tag exists here, you should be able to use it in your Dockerfile (see "Example usage", above), by typing, for example:

    FROM alberto56/docker-drupal:7.x-dev-2.0

If Docker cannot find that tag, pleas submit a bug report with your exact output. If you want to fork this repository and maintain your own Docker repository, here is an example of how to do so for a specific tag.

Start by making sure you have an account on [Docker.com](https://www.docker.com); this will allow you to host your own repositories.

Replace `8.0.x-dev-1.0-8.0.0-beta10`, `c384f6f44b8c`, `alberto56`, and `me@example.com` with whatever tag, image hash, username and email you are using:

    $ git checkout 8.0.x-dev-1.0-8.0.0-beta10
    ...
    $ docker build .
    ...
    Successfully built c384f6f44b8c
    $ docker tag c384f6f44b8c alberto56/docker-drupal:8.0.x-dev-1.0-8.0.0-beta10
    $ docker push alberto56/docker-drupal
    ...
    Please login prior to push:
    Username: alberto56
    Password:
    Email: me@example.com
